feat(Curriculum): add movie review page lab (#59597)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-movie-review-page/67ef8f695db52583424bd118.md

---
id: 67ef8f695db52583424bd118
title: Design a Movie Review Page
challengeType: 14
dashedName: design-a-movie-review-page

> # demoType can either be 'onClick' or 'onLoad'. If the project or lab doesn't have a preview, delete the property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

You'll practice concepts like semantic HTML, `alt` attributes, accessible lists, and hiding decorative content from screen readers using `aria-hidden`.

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab. 

**User Stories:**

1. Your should have a `main` element.
2. Inside the `main` element, you should have an `h1` element for the movie title.
3. Below the `h1` element, you should have an `img` element displaying the movie cover with a descriptive `alt` attribute describing the image.
4. You should have a `p` element containing a brief movie description.
5. You should have another `p` element to display the movie rating.
6. Inside the `p` element, you should have a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

> 7. You should have a `span` element with `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true` containing a visual representation of the rating using stars and a numerical value in parentheses (e.g. `9.2/10`).

Reviewer 2: Probably we should provide the star characters here.

8. You should have a `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`.
9. You should have a `ul` element.
10. Inside the `ul` element, you should have multiple `li` elements each containing an actor’s name wrapped in `strong` element and their corresponding character role (e.g., `James Holloway as Ethan Carter`).

# --hints--

You should have a `main` element.

```js
assert.isNotNull(document.querySelector("main"));
```

> Inside the `main` element, you should have an `h1` element for the movie title.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inside the `main` element, you should have an `h1` element containing the movie title.
```

assert.isNotNull(h1);
```

Below the `h1` element, you should have an `img` element with a descriptive `alt` attribute.
  
```js
const img = document.querySelector("main > h1 + img");
assert.isNotNull(img);
assert.isNotEmpty(img.getAttribute("alt"));
```

You should have a `p` element after the image that contains the movie description.

```js
const description = document.querySelector("main img + p");
assert.isNotNull(description);
assert.isNotEmpty(description.innerText);
```

You should have another `p` element that contains the rating.

```js
const paragraphs = document.querySelectorAll("main p");
assert.isAtLeast(paragraphs.length, 2);
```

Inside the second `p` element, you should have a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

```js
const strongEl = document.querySelector("main p strong");
assert.match(strongEl?.innerText.trim(), /^Movie Rating:?$/);
```

There should be a `span` element inside the rating paragraph with `aria-hidden` set to `true`.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p span");
assert.strictEqual(spanEl?.getAttribute("aria-hidden"), "true");
assert.match(spanEl?.innerText, /★|☆|\d+\.\d+\/10/);
```

> You should have an `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`.

Reviewer 2: I would require the `h2` to come after the `h1`. Currently you can place it wherever you want.

Author: There is already a test for `h1` before, and the user story states that `h2` comes after the `p` element.

Reviewer: you are not testing the position of the `h2` anyway

---
id: 67ef8f695db52583424bd118
title: Design a Movie Review Page
challengeType: 14
dashedName: design-a-movie-review-page
demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab. 

**User Stories:**

1. Your should have a `main` element.
2. Inside the `main` element, you should have an `h1` element for the movie title.
3. Below the `h1` element, you should have an `img` element displaying the movie cover with a descriptive `alt` attribute describing the image.
4. You should have a `p` element containing a brief movie description.
5. You should have another `p` element to display the movie rating. It should contain a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

> 6. You should have a `span` element with an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true` containing a visual representation of the rating using stars `⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐☆` and a numerical value in parentheses (e.g. `9.2/10`).  

Reviewer: maybe the stars is better given as unicode character? &#x2B50; `&#x2B50;` and &#9734; `&#9734;`

Author: from the review in prototype stage they agreed to stick with the stars as is.

# --hints--

You should have a `main` element.

```js
assert.isNotNull(document.querySelector("main"));
```

Inside the `main` element, you should have an `h1` element containing the movie title.

```js
const h1 = document.querySelector("main > h1");
assert.isAbove(h1?.innerText.length, 0);
```

Below the `h1` element, you should have an `img` element with a descriptive `alt` attribute.
  
```js
const img = document.querySelector("main > h1 + img");
assert.isNotNull(img);
assert.isNotEmpty(img.getAttribute("alt"));
```

You should have a `p` element after the image that contains the movie description.

```js
const description = document.querySelector("main img + p");
assert.isNotNull(description);
assert.isNotEmpty(description.innerText);
```

You should have another `p` element that contains the rating.

```js
const paragraphs = document.querySelectorAll("main p");
assert.isAtLeast(paragraphs.length, 2);
```

Inside the second `p` element, you should have a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

```js

> onst strongEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) strong");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const strongEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) strong");
```

assert.isNotNull(img);
assert.isNotEmpty(img.getAttribute("alt"));
```

You should have a `p` element after the image that contains the movie description.

```js
const description = document.querySelector("main img + p");
assert.isNotNull(description);
assert.isNotEmpty(description.innerText);
```

You should have another `p` element that contains the rating.

```js
const paragraphs = document.querySelectorAll("main p");
assert.isAtLeast(paragraphs.length, 2);
```

Inside the second `p` element, you should have a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

```js
const strongEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) strong");
assert.match(strongEl?.innerText.trim(), /^Movie Rating:?$/);
```

There should be a `span` element inside the rating paragraph.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");
assert.match(spanEl?.innerText, /★|☆|\d+\.\d+\/10/);
```

The `span` element inside the rating paragraph should have an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true`.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");
assert.strictEqual(spanEl?.getAttribute("aria-hidden"), "true");
```

> You should have an `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You should have an `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`. Your `h2` should come after your `h1`.
```

Since we are testing the order of elements, the test text needs to mention that.

```js
const main = document.querySelector("main");
const h1 = main?.querySelector("h1");
const h2 = main?.querySelector("h2");

assert.ok(h1);
assert.ok(h2);
assert.strictEqual(h2.innerText.trim(), "Cast Members");

const elements = Array.from(main.querySelectorAll("*"));
const h1Index = elements.indexOf(h1);
const h2Index = elements.indexOf(h2);

> assert.ok(h2Index > h1Index);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
assert.isAbove(h2Index, h1Index);
```

Better assert method.

```js  
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");  
assert.match(spanEl?.innerText, /^(?:[⭐☆]{10})\s*\(\s*\d+\.\d+\s*\/\s*10\s*\)$/);
```

The `span` element inside the rating paragraph should have an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true`.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");
assert.strictEqual(spanEl?.getAttribute("aria-hidden"), "true");
```

You should have an `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`. Your `h2` should come after your `h1`.

```js
const main = document.querySelector("main");
const h1 = main?.querySelector("h1");
const h2 = main?.querySelector("h2");

assert.ok(h1);
assert.ok(h2);
assert.strictEqual(h2.innerText.trim(), "Cast Members");

const elements = Array.from(main.querySelectorAll("*"));
const h1Index = elements.indexOf(h1);
const h2Index = elements.indexOf(h2);

assert.isAbove(h2Index, h1Index);
```

You should have a `ul` element after the `h2`.

```js
const ul = document.querySelector("main h2 + ul");
assert.isNotNull(ul);
```

The `ul` should contain multiple `li` elements.

```js
const liItems = document.querySelectorAll("main ul li");
assert.isAbove(liItems.length, 1);
```

> Each `li` should contain a `strong` element for the actor name and corresponding text for the character.

Reviewer 4: since the tests expect campers to write the word `"as"` after the character that needs to be mentioned here just like in the instructions

  
```js
const img = document.querySelector("main > h1 + img");
assert.isNotNull(img);
assert.isNotEmpty(img.getAttribute("alt"));
```

You should have a `p` element after the image that contains the movie description.

```js
const description = document.querySelector("main img + p");
assert.isNotNull(description);
assert.isNotEmpty(description.innerText);
```

You should have another `p` element that contains the rating.

```js
const paragraphs = document.querySelectorAll("main p");
assert.isAtLeast(paragraphs.length, 2);
```

Inside the second `p` element, you should have a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

```js
const strongEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) strong");
assert.match(strongEl?.innerText.trim(), /^Movie Rating:?$/);
```

There should be a `span` element inside the rating paragraph.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");
assert.isNotNull(spanEl);
```

The `span` element inside the rating paragraph should have ten stars, either filled in (⭐) or empty (☆), followed by a numerical value in parentheses.

```js  
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");  

> assert.match(spanEl?.innerText, /^(?:[⭐☆]{10})\s*\(\s*\d+\.\d+\s*\/\s*10\s*\)$/);

Reviewer 4: this doesn't account for whole integers. `<span>⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐☆(6/10)</span>` fails the test. this update should work both floats and ints

```suggestion
assert.match(spanEl?.innerText, /^(?:[⭐☆]{10})\s*\(\s*\d+(?:\.\d+)?\s*\/\s*10\s*\)$/);
```

```

The `span` element inside the rating paragraph should have an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true`.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");
assert.strictEqual(spanEl?.getAttribute("aria-hidden"), "true");
```

You should have an `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`. Your `h2` should come after your second `p` element.

```js
const main = document.querySelector("main");
const h1 = main?.querySelector("h1");
const h2 = main?.querySelector("h2");

assert.ok(h1);
assert.ok(h2);
assert.strictEqual(h2.innerText.trim(), "Cast Members");

const elements = Array.from(main.querySelectorAll("*"));
const h1Index = elements.indexOf(h1);
const h2Index = elements.indexOf(h2);

> assert.isAbove(h2Index, h1Index);

Reviewer 4: I am able to pass with the `h2` nested inside the paragraph element like this

```html
<p>some rating goes here
    <strong>Movie Rating</strong>
    <span aria-hidden="true">⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐☆(6/10)</span>
    <h2>Cast Members</h2>
</p>
```

assert.isNotEmpty(description.innerText);
```

You should have another `p` element that contains the rating.

```js
const paragraphs = document.querySelectorAll("main p");
assert.isAtLeast(paragraphs.length, 2);
```

Inside the second `p` element, you should have a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

```js
const strongEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) strong");
assert.match(strongEl?.innerText.trim(), /^Movie Rating:?$/);
```

There should be a `span` element inside the rating paragraph.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");
assert.isNotNull(spanEl);
```

The `span` element inside the rating paragraph should have ten stars, either filled in (⭐) or empty (☆), followed by a numerical value in parentheses.

```js  
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");  
assert.match(spanEl?.innerText, /^(?:[⭐☆]{10})\s*\(\s*\d+(?:\.\d+)?\s*\/\s*10\s*\)$/);
```

The `span` element inside the rating paragraph should have an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true`.

```js
const spanEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) span");
assert.strictEqual(spanEl?.getAttribute("aria-hidden"), "true");
```

> You should have an `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`. Your `h2` should come after your second `p` element.
> 
> ```js
> const main = document.querySelector("main");
> const h1 = main?.querySelector("h1");
> const h2 = main?.querySelector("h2");
> 
> assert.ok(h1);
> assert.ok(h2);
> assert.strictEqual(h2.innerText.trim(), "Cast Members");
> 
> const parentTag = h2.parentElement?.tagName;
> assert.strictEqual(parentTag, "p");
> 
> const paragraphs = main?.querySelectorAll("p");
> assert.isAtLeast(paragraphs.length, 2);
> 
> const elements = Array.from(main.querySelectorAll("*"));
> const lastPIndex = elements.indexOf(paragraphs[1]);
> const h2Index = elements.indexOf(h2);
> 
> assert.isAbove(h2Index, lastPIndex);
> ```

Reviewer 4: this test doesn't pass even with our solution.

I tried this locally and it works on my end. (Make sure to test this on your own end to make sure it works as intended)

I also broke this test down into three so it is more granular.

````suggestion
You should have an `h2` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector("h2"));
```

Your `h2` element should have the text `Cast Members`.

```js
const h2 = document.querySelector("h2");
assert.equal(h2?.textContent, "Cast Members");
```

Your `h2` should come after your second `p` element.

```js
const allParagraphs = document.querySelectorAll("p")
assert.isAtLeast(allParagraphs.length, 2)

const h2 = document.querySelector("h2");
const main = document.querySelector("main");

assert.exists(h2);
assert.exists(main);

const elements = Array.from(main.querySelectorAll("*"));
const lastPIndex = elements.indexOf(allParagraphs[1]);
const h2Index = elements.indexOf(h2);

assert.isAbove(h2Index, lastPIndex);
```
````

---
id: 67ef8f695db52583424bd118
title: Design a Movie Review Page

> challengeType: 14

Reviewer 5: This challenge type enables the option to revert the code.

```suggestion
challengeType: 25
```

dashedName: design-a-movie-review-page
demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab. 

**User Stories:**

1. You should have a `main` element.
2. Inside the `main` element, you should have an `h1` element for the movie title.
3. Below the `h1` element, you should have an `img` element displaying the movie cover. Your `img` element should have a descriptive `alt` text describing the image. You are free to use the following image if you like: `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/rise-beyond-2.png`.
4. You should have a `p` element containing a brief movie description.
5. You should have another `p` element to display the movie rating. Within it, you should have these items in the listed order:
   - A `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.
   - A `span` element with an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true` containing a visual representation of the rating using stars `⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐☆`.
   - A numerical value, representing the rating, in parentheses (e.g. `9.2/10`) after the span.
6. You should have an `h2` element with the text `Cast Members`.
7. You should have a `ul` element.

> 8. Inside the `ul` element, you should have multiple `li` elements each containing an actor's name wrapped in a `strong` element and their corresponding character role (e.g., `James Holloway as Ethan Carter`).  

Reviewer 5: It should be mentioned to include `as` separately just like in hints.

```suggestion
8. Inside the `ul` element, you should have multiple `li` elements each containing a `strong` element for the actor name followed by the corresponding character name preceded by the text `as`. (e.g., `James Holloway as Ethan Carter`).
```

Inside the second `p` element, you should have a `strong` element with the text `Movie Rating`.

```js
onst strongEl = document.querySelector("main p:nth-of-type(2) strong");
assert.match(strongEl?.innerText.trim(), /^Movie Rating:?$/);
```

> There should be a `span` element inside the rating paragraph.

Reviewer 2: You are not saying that you want some text inside the `span`. Also, how many stars they are supposed to use?

Author: The learner is open to use any number os stars, there is no specific set number
